docs: add a how to use lucia prisma adapter with mongodb (#439)
pilcrowOnPaper/lucia: documentation/content/main/database/prisma.md

  @@map("user")
}
```

## Schema with MongoDB

If you're looking to use Prisma with MongoDB the only change you need to make is on the `id` property. You need to change the `@unique` attribute to `@map("_id")`. Lucia under the hood generates a short id automatically for the 3 models (user, session, key) which means we won't use `@ObjectId`, `@default(auto())` or `@db.ObjectId` at all.

> So in a nutshell, replace `id String @id @unique` with `id String @id @map("_id")` in the 3 models (user, session, key) we saw above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So in a nutshell, replace `id String @id @unique` with `id String @id @map("_id")` in the 3 models (user, session, key) shown above.
```

```prisma
id String @id @map("_id")
```

> Obviously, our `datasource` will also need to change to `provider = "mongodb"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Our `datasource` will also need to change to `provider = "mongodb"`.
```
